c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\ImageResizer.exe.config
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\ImageResizer.exe
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\ImageResizer.pdb
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\OpenTK.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\OpenTK.xml
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.xml
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\de\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\es\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\fr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\hu\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\it\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\ja\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\pt\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\ru\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\sk\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\sv\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\tr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\zh-cn\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\bin\Debug\zh-tw\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\obj\Debug\ImageResizer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\obj\Debug\ImageResizer.exe
c:\users\wojtek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ImageResizer\ImageResizer\obj\Debug\ImageResizer.pdb
